Overhaul existing docs, add commands.md (#92)
IrisShaders/LilyBot: docs/installation-guide.md

#Getting started with LilyBot
Here is an in depth guide on how to set up Lily. If you have issues with this guide, please join [Iris's discord](https://discord.gg/jQJnav2jPu) for support.

## Adding the official lily instance to your server
If you simply want to utilize all the great features Lily has to offer in your server without modification, this is the section of the guide for you.

> Currently, Lily is not a fully public bot. If you want to add her to your server, please contact `IMS#7902` on Discord. He will provide you with a link for inviting Lily to your server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, Lily is not a fully public bot. If you want to add her to your server, please contact `IMS#7902` or `NoComment#6411` on Discord. They will provide you with a link for inviting Lily to your server.
```

*Please note that it is not currently possible to edit Lily's custom commands per guild on the official instance. This functionality will be added in a later version*

## Setting up your own Lily instance
If you want to set up your own copy of Lily for development or just to host your own instance, this is the section of the guide for you.

### Step 1 - Install tools
If you don't already have them, you will need to install [Java](https://adoptium.net/) and [Kotlin](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/command-line.html#snap-package).

### Step 2 - Set up a bot using the discord developer portal

Head over to the [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications) and press the "New Application" button in the top right corner.

> Give your application a name and press create. Then, head to the bot tab on the left and click "Add Bot". Click "Yes, do it!" Once you have your bot, scroll down and make sure that the "PRESENCE INTENT", "SERVER MEMBERS INTENT", and "MESSAGE CONTENT INTENT" switches are all toggled to on. Once that's done, go to the OAuth2 tab on the left sidebar, scroll down to the checkboxes, and select the ones for "bot" and "applications.commands". Copy the URL, enter it into your browser, select the server(s) you want to add your Lily to, and click authorize. If everything worked correctly, your Lily instance should appear in the members list of that server.

Reviewer: An image of the required intents and things would probably be good here. I'll send it to you on Discord

### Step 3 - Clone the repository

To clone the Lily repository, open the command line for your respective OS and run `git clone https://github.com/IrisShaders/LilyBot.git` This will clone Lily to your home directory.

### Step 4 - Set up your .env file

In the root directory of the files you've cloned, create a file named .env. You should fill your file using the format below with the relevant details filled in.

```
TOKEN=BOT_TOKEN_YEEF
CUSTOM_COMMANDS_PATH=commands.toml
TEST_GUILD_ID=GUILD_ID
TEST_GUILD_CHANNEL=CHANNEL_ID

> GITHUB_OAUTH=GITHUB_OAUTH_TOKEN or null if you don't want GitHub commands

Reviewer: There is actually another `.env` value that isn't required. `JDBC_URL` which needs to be given the value of `jdbc:sqlite:<path to where the database should go>`. It actually has a default value of `./data` folder in the root directory though, so it is absoloutely not required
